Hold on!
You put the peanut
butter and jelly
on separate slices?
That's the way we do it
in Florida.
Man, Florida's
the coolest.
...so I said to him
not if you want to
carry my books again.
No, you did not say that.
Yes, I did, girl.
Okay, what are
you looking at?
Nothing... but now I am.
Hello, Chelsea baby.
Okay, Corey, you're ten;
I'm 15.
Which means
she's old enough
to be grossed
out by you.
And who are you?
Pleased to meet you.
I'm Miles Bonet.
Well, aren't you
the cutest little thing.
I'm Raven.
He just moved here
from Florida.
And if you go back
will you please take
my little brother with you?
Raven, can we go now
'cause Corey's starting to
get those driplets of drool.
It's really gross.
Whoa, they don't make
them like her in Florida.
Hey-- Chelsea's mine.
I'm talking
about Raven.
Eww, my sister?
You can have her.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yep, that's me.
Guess who I just
got off the phone with.
A maid, I hope.
I'm tired.
No, the TV show,
Hello, San Francisco.
You know, they do that segment
on chefs cooking
in their own homes.
Ooh, Dad, no, you are not going
to be on TV.
They're coming here tomorrow.
What are we jumping around for?
Dad's going to be on TV.
Miles, what do you think
you're doing?
I'm just so happy
for your dad.
Go hug him.
Congratulations, sir.
You really deserve this.
Well, thank
you very much.
Coming from you,
that means a lot.
Who are you?
This is Miles.
He's from Florida.
Well, you picked
a very exciting day
to come, Miles.
Honey, this could be
your big break.
You could
become famous.
The pressure
must be enormous.
My dad's not scared.
Well, like, what if
he makes a mistake
in front of
millions of people?
Millions...?
Uh, Corey
why don't you
take Miles
and show him something
that's far away.
Yeah... like Florida.
Dad, don't listen
to that kid, okay?
You're going to do great.
You have been preparing
for this moment
your whole career.
Yeah, I know
but what if I forget
how to do something
like de-bone a chicken
or make a sauce or...
or breathe?
Honey, take it easy.
No, no, no,
I got to cancel.
Dad... wait!
Rae, did you just
have a vision?
Yes, Dad,
and I saw you on the show.
You were chopping up everything
and you were breathing like
you've been doing it
your whole life.
Really?
How'd I look?
Like Denzel with a spatula!
That's what I'm talking about,
yeah!
Okay, then-then everything's
going to be fine.
Oh, thank you, baby.
I gotta go check out
some recipes.
I'm going to be on TV...
like Denzel with a spatula.
Well, that homework's
not going to do itself.
Hold it!
Rae, you made that
whole vision up.
Mama, listen.
This is Dad's big break.
He was about to cancel.
So, you just lied to give
him a little confidence boost?
I was just trying
to help.
Look at him, Mom.
# I'm a cookin' man #
# Oww!
With a big old frying pan #
# Oww! #
So, you still think
I did the wrong thing?
Yes... but for
the right reasons.
Just no more
fake visions.
Okay, I promise.
Rae, this is a disaster.
This show was supposed to be
your father's big break.
Chelsea, what I lack in age,
I make up for in muscle.
How long have you
been standing there?
Long enough, my friend.
You got a better way
of getting girls?
As a matter
of fact, I do.
"Hypnotism...
The Trance
for Romance"?
Watch and learn.
I'm Dr. Wendell Van Leer,
master of hypnosis.
Not everyone can be put
into a hypnotic sleep
but those who can
will be under your power
for up to
24 hours
or your
money back.
Now, take out
your complimentary hypno-stone.
And swing it thusly.
Now you're getting it.
Rae, can you please
calm down, okay?
You're making me
so dizzy.
Listen, I'm
nervous, okay
and I'm worried
about my dad
and I clean
when I'm nervous.
Rae, I think my arm
is piney-fresh now. Thanks.
Hey, guys.
Oh, hey, Mr. Baxter.
Hey, Mr. Baxter
you ready
for your big TV debut?
Yeah, that's right.
You know, I've
been working
on some catch phrases--
something cool to say
when I add an ingredient.
Right on.
Check it out.
Check it out, yeah.
I kinda dig that.
This cat's right.
No, that's... that's not it.
Listen up.
Listen up?
Ooh, you know
it's kind of "old school"
but it's still
really catchy.
I like that.
Listen... okay.
The next word that comes
out of my dad's mouth
will be the catch phrase,
not that lame stuff, okay?
Okay, Dad,
now give it to me.
Kapowie!
Well, that's good.
Yeah!
Thanks, guys.
Kapowie!
Kapowie! Yeah!
You guys, I am
so worried.
Something bad is going
to happen to my dad.
Mm, like saying, "Kapowie"?
Y'all dig this:
I'm going to go
catch the game.
I'm just a phone call away
if you need me...
during half-time.
All right, okay.
Man, what are you two wearing?
My grandpa showed us how
the players dress in Florida.
It looks like your Grandpa
played you.
Hello, baby.
May I say you look
ravishing today.
Can you say it on your
way back to the home?
What is that?
Is... is that mothballs?
It's the state
smell of Florida.
So, what do you think
of our handsome-
new-man jewelry?
Watch as we swing
them thusly.
Back and forth,
back and forth...
Listen to the sound
of our soothing voices.
Your eyes are closing...
closing.
You're falling asleep...
drifting further and further
into unconsciousness.
When you hear the word
"San Francisco"
you will fall
into a deep
deep sleep.
And you won't wake up
until you hear the
word, "Okeechobee."
Okeechobee?
Yeah, that's
where I was born.
Ready, one...
two... three...
San Francisco.
It worked.
Raven, you will fall
in love with Miles.
And Chelsea, you will
fall in love with Corey.
Oh, Miles, you big hunk
of Florida sunshine.
Oh, Corey, you are all man,
and you are all mine.
Kiss me.
Kiss me, Miles.
Yes!
No way!
Corey, you're so sexy.
Corey, you are all man,
and you are all mine.
Oh, Miles, you big hunk
of Florida sunshine.
Kiss me, kiss me, kiss me!
Admit it-- they got us bad.
Like the Doc said, it
doesn't work on everyone.
Yeah...
but at least
we look good.
Man, I can't believe
we couldn't
hypnotize our women.
Maybe we missed a step.
Let's go watch
that tape again.
Dad, I think the TV people
are here.
Dad?
Dad!
What you looking at?
He's asleep!
We must have
hypnotized him.
Excellent.
Not excellent!
The TV people are here.
I'll get it!
You wake him up--
I'll get the door.
Go.
Ocochobee!
Miles?
Yes!
Mr. Baxter.
I'm TV's Kelly Bryant.
Of course you are.
I love your work.
I'm sure you do.
Kitchen?
Uh... there.
So, are we ready
for our big debut?
Um... actually no.
I sort of
lost track of time.
Well, don't lose any more.
We are going live
in 20 minutes.
Right,
I'll go get ready.
Kapowie.
I hope that's not
your catch phrase.
Of course not.
Hi, I'm Victor Baxter.
Vic Baxter.
Yo, yo, yo, V. Bax
in the... his house.
Daddy, it's on--
the show's on!
Coming up, we're going
live with Kelly Bryant
to the kitchen of Victor Baxter
one of the Bay Area's
favorite chefs.
That's you, Dad!
Yeah, I'm the man.
Don't go away.
We're coming right back
with more
of Hello, San Francisco.
Oh, man, they said
"San Francisco."
What's that wake-up word?
Um... Toke-a-chobee?
Uh, Chokatobee?
Obie Wan Kenobe?
Okay, Victor,
they're all ready for...
Victor?
Honey, I'm glad
to see you're relaxed
but there is
a TV crew downstairs.
Mom...
Dad's kind of hypnotized.
Kind of... hypnotized?
Corey, this isn't funny.
It's not a joke.
I can't wake him up.
Dad, this is so cool!
You should go downstairs
and see all the lights
and cameras and...
Why you laying
on the bed like that for?
Apparently he's hypnotized.
What?
Dad was watching when
Miles and I tried
to hypnotize you guys.
Okay, so, uh,
there was a wake-up word.
Good luck.
Okalobee.
Hokey-Pokey.
"On Top
of Old Smokey"!
Dear... Honey...
You need to wake up.
You wake up
Get up. Get up!
Wake up!
Rae...
this is a disaster.
This show was
your father's big break.
How did you
know I was...?
Did you have a
vision about this?
Yeah, Mom. I knew something
bad was going to happen.
Why didn't you say something?
Because, Ma, I didn't want Dad
to get nervous.
Oh, it worked.
Now he's just unconscious!
Mr. Baxter, we're ready for you.
Okay, let's not panic.
Come on, can't we
just panic a little?
Okay, two seconds.
Now.
Corey. Call Miles,
get the wake-up word.
Okeydoke. Whoop!
Okay, Chelsea,
go down there
and stall as
much as you can.
Okay, I'm on it.
Rae...
Let's get your
father downstairs.
Okay.
And here we have
the refrigerator.
When you open the door,
the light goes on
but when you close the door,
the light goes off.
Or does it? Hmm...
Fascinating. Where is Victor?
We are going on in five minutes.
All right...
There we go.
All right.
Need a little help
in the front.
Okay. Yeah.
Oka. Let's take him
around to the left.
Okay. Mom, get
him, get him...
Yeah. Yeah.
Mamma, I'm losing him. Mama.
Timber!
One, two, three.
That's going to
hurt in the morning.
Definitely.
All right, how we going
to get him downstairs?
Ooh, I got an idea.
Okay, let's
pivot him around.
God, he's heavy.
Ready?
Ready.
One... two...
On two.
On three, ready?
One, two.
Okay, can we take
a break from this?
Yes. Yes.
Okay.
Let's take
another break.
Get back, get
back, get back.
Wait, let him down,
let him down.
There you go.
Yo, that's tight.
I call next.
Hi. Kelly Bryant here
in the kitchen
of local chef Victor Baxter.
Unfortunately,
the only thing missing is...
Victor Baxter...
...is in the...
his house!
Uh... well, great.
Victor.
What will you be
making for us today?
My husband
will be making...
He's gonna, he's gonna
be making... eggs.
Yes, because...
San Francisco
is the city of eggs.
I thought he was going
to be making trout.
Um, yes.
He's going
to be making...
He's going to be making
trout and eggs.
Trout and eggs? Mmm.
Yeah. That's because
it's the catch of the day
with the hatch
of the day.
Uh, why isn't Victor
telling us this himself?
Oh, that's because
they call him...
"The silent chef."
Yeah, he lets his food
do the talking.
Isn't that right, Dad?
Hey, let's get cooking, Dad.
What do you want
to cook today?
Well, it looks like he
wants to cook some eggs.
Let's cook some eggs.
Let's get it.
Kapowie.
As you can see, my dad
doesn't like to waste a thing.
They call him
the relaxed
silent, nonwasting... chef.
Ooh, Dad.
Uh, why don't we go
to a commercial?
And we'll come
back with more
of the mysterious cooking
styles of Victor Baxter.
Okay, what is going on here?
Uh... the truth is...
my husband was
accidentally hypnotized.
Well, don't look at me like
that, girlfriend. It happens.
But everything
is under control.
Oh, well, it better be
because if he
is not cooking
when we get back, we
are cutting to a clip
on what not to put
in your garbage disposal
and Mr. Floppy here
can just wave his
career good-bye.
Miles, what
is the wake-up word?
Forget it, Rae,
he's not talking.
Not till I get a little sugar.
Okay.
Close your eyes and pucker up.
Rae! Ew!
Don't worry, Chelsea.
I can take one
for the team.
Ooh, pucker up.
Here it comes. Mmm!
Yeah, baby.
A little salty,
but I can taste the love.
Okay loverboy,
what's the word?
Okeechobee.
What's going on?
I'm strapped to a board,
and everything's dark.
Now I can see...
that I'm still
strapped to a board
and the show is going on?
Yeah, but there's still time
to turn it around.
Turn it around?
Rae, where's it going?
Straight down the
tubes, Mr. B.
Yeah. It's a
long story
but, um... Corey and Miles--
they accidentally
hypnotized you.
Well, I can see
my work here is done.
How 'bout a smooch for the road?
How 'bout just
the road?
All right,
move it out, Hot Lips.
Corey, what did you do to me?
Dad, let's not
point fingers, but...
it's all Raven's fault!
What?!
She lied to you
about her vision.
Rae, you said it was
going to be a huge success.
Dad, I was just trying
to give you some confidence.
Well, it worked.
I'm confident that
my career is over.
No, it is not, Dad.
You love to cook
and that's what
people need to see.
You need to get
back on that air
and do what you do best.
You are a great chef
and you don't need a vision
to tell you that.
All right, we're
on in ten seconds.
Are we happening, or do we
cut to the garbage disposal?
We're happening.
Hi. Kelly Bryant here.
We're back with Victor Baxter,
the silent chef.
Actually, Kelly,
the family and I
were just playing
a little joke on you.
Now it's time for
some serious cooking.
Get ready for
my Cajun Trout a la Victor.
You got two minutes.
How about the best omelet
you've ever tasted?
You know, Kelly, the great thing
about making an omelet
is you don't need a recipe.
Just cook right from the heart.
Let's see. We can use
whatever we have
on the counter
and today we have
fresh eggs, a little onion
We got trout.
We don't have time for trout.
We got a
little garlic
a little red pepper,
a little hot sauce
And guess what? Kapowie.
Great segment, Victor,
a- and you were right.
This omelet is... kapowie.
Mm. Tell you what, you give me
more than two minutes
and I'll show you
some real cooking.
You are on.
How about a monthly segment
on Hello, San Francisco?
Okeechobee.
That'd be great.
Because your food
just says San Francisco.
Okeechobee.
I couldn't agree
with you more.
Synced by MatMaggi
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org